mixin: update ingester_tsdb_head_early_compaction_min_in_memory_series (#13378)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: The store-gateway disk class now honors the one configured via `$._config.store_gateway_data_disk_class` and doesn't replace `fast` with `fast-dont-retain`. #13152
* [CHANGE] Rollout-operator: Vendor jsonnet from rollout-operator repository. #13245 #13317
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ruler querier and query-frontend: Add support for newly-introduced querier ring, which is used when performing query planning in query-frontends and distributing portions of the plan to queriers for execution. #13017

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: update in-memory series threshold before TSDB head early compaction for when ingest-storage autoscaling is enabled. #13378

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: increase in-memory series threshold before TSDB head early compaction when ingest-storage autoscaling is enabled. #13378
```
